This week's THM lab explained the basics of DNS, or Domain Name System. I have a bit of experience with DNS as I own a couple domain names. 
DNS is essentially a system that connects a domain to an IP address, so that if you want to visit a website you do not need to know its IP address. So for example, instead of 
visiting 104.26.10.229, you can just go to tryhackme.com. Domains are split into three catagories: TLD / Top Level Domain, Second Level Domain, and Subdomain. TLD, sometimes 
referred to as domain extentions, refers to the furthest right part of the domain. Some examples include .com, .net, gov, .co.uk, and .org. They are split into two groups, 
gTLD (generic TLD) which historically was meant to tell the website's purpose (doesn't always seem to be the case anymore) and ccTLD (Country Code TLD) which is meant for 
geographical purposes. Second Level Domain referes for example, to the tryhackme in tryhackme.com. They are limited to 63 characters. The last level is Subdomain. Subdomains 
come before Second Level Domains and are followed with a period to seperate it. The 'store' in store.tryhackme.com is the subdomain. Subdomains are also limited to 63 characters
and have some character restrictions, although you may use multiple subdomain names chained together to create a domain up to 253 characters long. 
The next topic is DNS Record types. A Records resolve to IPv4 addresses. AAAA Records resolve to IPv6 addresses. CNAME Records resolve to another domain name, for example 
TryHackMe's online shop has the subdomain name store.tryhackme.com which returns a CNAME record shops.shopify.com. MX Records resolve to the address of servers responsible for
the email for the domain you are querying. TXT Records are free text fields where any data can be stored. 
The next piece of information is what happens when a DNS request is made. When you first search a domain name, your computer checks its local cache to see if you have looked up
this address recently, and if so will redirect you there. If not, the request is sent to recursive DNS. A Recursive DNS server is usually provided by your ISP but you can
choose your own. This server also has a local cache of recently looked up domain names. If a result is found locally, this is sent back to your computer, and your request ends 
here. If the request can still not be found the search is forwarded to the Root DNS Servers. Root DNS servers are based on respective TLDs and they hold records on  where to 
find the authoritative server to answer the DNS request. An authoritative DNS server is the server that is responsible for storing the DNS records for a particular domain name 
and where any updates to your domain name DNS records would be made. The DNS record is then sent back to the Recursive DNS Server, where a local copy will be cached for future 
requests and then relayed back to the original client.  DNS records all come with a TTL (Time To Live) value. This value is a number represented in seconds that the response 
should be saved for locally until you have to look it up again. Caching saves on having to make a DNS request every time you communicate with a server.
