This week's lab went over some common attacks seen in cybersecurity.
The first type of attack we went over was Social Engineering. It's used to describe any cyberattack targetting a person rather than a computer. This type of attack can
use a multitude of methods, from impersonating someone who needs your data over the phone, to checking your social media presense for potential passwords, to dropping
loaded USB drives in public places where they could be picked up and investigated by someone with little cybersecurity knowledge. Some ways to watch out for social 
engineering include setting up multiple forms of authentication and using harder passwords or answers to security questions, not connecting a device with unknown information
on it to any of your devices, and making sure people who call you from companies are legitimate.
Another type of social engineering is Phishing and its offshoots Vishing and Smishing. Phishing specifically describes a type of social engineering attack where the attacker
attempts to trick the victim into opening a malicious webpage, usually to steal information such as a login password, by sending the victim an email, text message, or other
types of direct messages. There are three types of phishing which get more crafty the further they go; general phishing which is usually untargeted, spear phishing which 
targets specific groups such as employees of a company, and whaling which usually only targets one high-level individual within a company. Usually when someone is phished
they are taken to a fake website's login page which UI generally matches the real website's login page. Once you have entered your information it most likely will redirect to
the real website, and the attacker will now have your login information. The url the fake website uses will most likely try to make itself look like the real website. A fake
url for amazon.com could be amazoncustomersupport.com, or a fake url could use typos, so instead of amazon.com it could be amazom.com. To protect yourself from phishing attacks,
delete untrusted emails without opening them, or send them to your company's IT department. Never open attatchments from untrusted emails, do not click on imbedded links, 
make sure your software is up to date, and avoid making any of your personal information public. 
The next type of attack is Malware, short for malicious software, and the first topic is Ransomware. Ransomware will lock you out of your computer and encrypt your files
and make you pay (usually in cryptocurreny) a fine to the attacker to unlock your files, which may or may not work. Malware can unknowingly be downloaded in many ways, through
.exe, .ps1, .bat, .hta, or .js files to name a few. To protect yourself from malware, keep all applications and systems up to date, never click on suspicious links, be on the
lookout for anyone or anything that wants you to run a file, never plug unknown media devices into a computer, and always back up important data. 
The next topic is Passwords. When creating a password length is a bit more important than randomization, althought ideally your would use unique passwords with a long length
that are completely randomized. You can keep track of all these unmemorizable passwords by using a password manager. Sometimes a databreach can happen from a website to which
you have login credentials. This is an important reason why you should not use the same password in more than one place. 
The next topic is MFA and password managers. MFA or multi-factor authentication is an extra layer of security available for many websites and servcies. On top of your password
they will have you enter a code they send to your cell phone for that specific login instance. Another type of MFA is TOTP or time-based one time password. These passwords
are generated for one time use through a trusted application to which you have connected MFA. Password Managers are important tools to keep track of secure passwords. 
The next topic is public network safety. You should make sure to only enter information on https urls rather than http urls as it includes Transport Layer Security and keeps
your information secure on public networks. On top of this it is useful to use a VPN or virtual private network as they encrypt all traffic leaving and entering your machine.
It is important to create backups of all your data, and the best practice to do this is with the 3:2:1 method. Have 3 copies of your data, keep a copy in at least 2 seperate
storage mediums, and have at least 1 of those storage mediums be cloud-based.
It is also important to make sure all your software and applications are up to date, as they are constantly being updated with security patches and any software lacking the
latest security patches and big fixes are more likely to be susceptible to an attack. 
