Link to screenshots: https://imgur.com/a/zZawau0
This week we learned about the OSI and TCP/IP models and how they function, as well as some networking tools including ping, traceroute, dig, and whois.\
The OSI model has seven layers:
  -Layer 7 / Application : Data starts from an application, then is sent into
  -Layer 6 / Presentation: The data is translated to a standardied format and handles compression / encryption / etc., then sends it to
  -Layer 5 / Session     : This layer establishes a connection with the other computer and maintains it throughout the transmission, then the data is passed to
  -Layer 4 / Transport   : This layer chooses whether to send the data as UDP or TCP and then converts the data to datagrams or segments respecitvely.
    -TCP / Transmission Control Protocol: establishes connection prior to sending data, ensures that all data is recieved, is favored when accuracy is most important
    -UDP / User Datagram Protocol       : transmits data whether the connection remains secure or not, is favored when speed is most important
  -Layer 3 / Network     : This layer takes the designated IP address (Internet Protocol / logical addressing) and establishes the best route to transmit the data.
  -Layer 2 / Data Link   : This layer adds in the MAC address (Media Access Control / physical addressing) to the recieving endpoint and presents the data
                           in a format suitable for transmission. It also makes sure the data wasn't corrupted during transmission.
  -Layer 1 / Physical    : This layer focuses on the computer hardware, it takes the binary data into electrical signals and transmits them across the network and vice versa.
The next topic is encapsulation. Each layer, starting with 7 and counting down until 1, adds a header to the data that is comprised of information specific to the layer being
used. Layer 2 adds an additional trailer as well and Layer 1 does not add a header or trailer. In layers 5 6 and 7, the data is simply known as data. In layer 4 the data 
becomes known as segments or datagrams depending on whether TCP or UDP is used. In layer 3 data is known as packets, in layer 2 frames, and in layer 1 bits. When the 
transmission is recieved the layering process is reversed and each header / tail is removed. This process also increases the security of the transmission as the data cannot
be tampered with without removing the tail. 
The next topic covers the TCP/IP model, which serves as the basis for real-world networking. The TCP/IP model was created as a standardized model in 1982 and has four 
(rarely five) layers.
  Application       : covers the Application, Presentation, and Session layers from the OSI model.
  Transport         : covers the Transport layer from the OSI model.
  Internet          : covers the Network layer from the OSI model.
  Network Interface : covers the Data Link / Physical layers from the OSI model.
  (Some sources seperate the Data Link / Physical layers into their own respective layers)
One of the protocols covered under this model is the TCP protocol. This protocol starts by sending data containing a SYN (synchronise) bit to the destination. The destination
will send back the SYN bit as well as an ACK (acknowlegement) bit to acknowledge the request. Your computer will send the ACK bit back, and both computers have confirmed a 
connection has been made. 
The next topics contain an introduction to some simple networking tools. 
  Ping       : This command tests whether connection to a specific source is possible. It can also determine the IP address of the server hosting a website. 
  Traceroute : This command maps the path to the destination as your request will likely make its way through multiple servers. 
  WHOIS      : This command allows you to see who a domain belongs to via data from Domain Registrars. 
  Dig        : This command lets you manually query recursive DNS (Domain Name System) servers for information about domains, including the TTL (Time To Live) of the DNS record.
